Now we want to show you how to install Colly from the ISO file, the first step is the same, downloading
the insulation file here, the ISO file.
Open the browser and simply Google the words Carly and download.
The first website is the official site of college, so click on it.
This is the download page of Kali.
And these are the ISO files you can use them to install, Colley is a main host or as a virtual machine
in any virtualization platform.
Now there are 64 bit and 32 bit versions, as well as a new image styles of Calli, Linux installer,
Leive and Net Installer.
At the bottom of the Colly image files table, there are ready to use.
Well, almost ready to use Colly virtual machines.
So if you do want to use Colusa virtual machine, you can use them instead of installing ISO files from
scratch.
So I'd like to download and install the highest profile of the 64 bit installer image of Kalat.
So I'll just click on this link to download the ISO file via the protocol that we affectionately known
as HDP.
And now we can say the file and have a look at that.